Boundary documentation: content cleanup in prep for devdot migration (#2249)
hashicorp/boundary: website/content/docs/concepts/domain-model/groups.mdx

The following services are relevant to this resource:

- [Group Service](/api-docs/group-service)

> 
> ## Tutorial
> 
> Refer to the [Manage Users and Groups with HCP Boundary](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/boundary/hcp-manage-users-groups?in=boundary/hcp-administration) tutorial to learn how to complete user managemement related tasks.

Reviewer: for all tutorial links, I like to remove the collection URL in order to ensure the tutorial can be found if it's moved to another collection, or if a redirect is created. I suffered this recently 

```suggestion

## Tutorial

Refer to the [Manage Users and Groups with HCP Boundary](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/boundary/hcp-manage-users-groups) tutorial to learn how to complete user management related tasks.
```
```suggestion

## Tutorial

Refer to the [Manage Users and Groups with HCP Boundary](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/boundary/hcp-manage-users-groups?in=boundary/hcp-administration) tutorial to learn how to complete user managemement related tasks.
```
